Postday1 (#288)
jhudsl/intro_to_r: modules/RStudio/RStudio.Rmd

-   Makes things easier
-   Is NOT a dropdown statistical tool (such as Stata)
    -   See [Rcmdr](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Rcmdr/index.html) or [Radiant](http://vnijs.github.io/radiant/)

```{r, fig.alt="RStudio logo", out.width = "30%", echo = FALSE, fig.align='center'}
knitr::include_graphics("https://d33wubrfki0l68.cloudfront.net/62bcc8535a06077094ca3c29c383e37ad7334311/a263f/assets/img/logo.svg")
```

<sub>[[source](https://www.rstudio.com/)]</sub>

> RStudio is also a company that is now called [Posit](https://posit.co/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RStudio used to be the name of a company that is now called [Posit](https://posit.co/).
```

<!-- ## RStudio/R Console ![Console](images/r-rstudio-1-3-console.png) -->

## Getting the editor

> You must open a to save code to open the editor. These include for example R Scripts or R Markdown.

Reviewer: You must open what? A script ?

Author: something got deleted :(  I think it was the word file.

Author: fixed now adding the word file

## RStudio layout

> To make an R Markdown file:  click the green file button -> R Markdown. We will do this together soon! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make an R Markdown file:  click the green plus button -> R Markdown. We will do this together soon! 
```
